this works
Oh, Miss Potts, if you find this recording, don't feel bad about this.
Part of the journey is the end.
Just for the record, drifting through space with zero promise of rescue is more fun than it sounds.
Food and water ran out four days ago. Oxygen will run out tomorrow morning.
I drifted off dreaming about you. Always you.
But what did he say he would do?
He wiped out 50% of all living creatures.
We lost all of them.
We lost friends. We lost family.
We lost a part of ourselves.
This is the fight of our lives.
It's gonna work out, Steve, I know it, 'cause I don't know what I'm gonna do if it doesn't.
Hi, is anyone home? This is Scott Lang.
We met a few years ago at the airport in Germany. I got really big.
Is this an old message?
Ant-Man's on his way.
I know you know me. You know this.
That's the front door.
That's me. Can you open up?
Esa es la puerta de entrada.
Soy yo. ¿Puedes abrirme?